Aha!
I’m 47; my girlfriend’s 33. She’s 14 years younger than me. Back of the net!
My heart is, in the wise words of Billy Ray Cyrus, achy breaky.
As I write these words I’m noisily chomping away on not one, but two Murray Mints.
That was the best full English breakfast I’ve had since Gary Wilmot’s wedding.
I love you in a way.
Kommen Sie bitte, und listen to Kraftwerk.
Wings are the band The Beatles could've been.
You work in a petrol station Michael. It's not the Gulf War. Which ironically is like a large petrol station.
Yes, it's an extender! Fantastic. That is the icing on the cake. You know, if King Arthur had an extender on his table...
Would you like me to lap dance for you?
Right, OK. Shoestring, Taggart, Spender, Bergerac, Morse. What does that say to you about regional detective series?
Oh God, no, no, I'm old enough to be her father! Well, her older brother. Either way it's incest.
Lion bar?
No, I always put my money there in the evening. No, if it was you could add a zero to that. It's seven pounds six.
I will not have uncleansed coffee cups in Pear Tree Productions. The plague started from a mal-attended surface.
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! That's English for stop a horse!
Putting a damp spoon back in the bowl is the tea-drinking equivalent of sharing a needle. And I did not want to end up with the tea-drinking equivalent of AIDS.
And I came to a startling but unshakeable conclusion: no genuinely good music has been created since 1988.
Snowflakes fell from the sky like tiny pieces of a snowman who had stood on a landmine.
I found it hidden in an air vent behind a wardrobe. It was just sat there looking at me, like some sort of confectionary Anne Frank.
I'll be asking, which is the worst monger? Fish, iron, rumour, or war?
You know who I am, I've not been off TV for that long! Identify yourself.
Get rid of her, Lynn, she's a drunk and a racist! I'll tolerate one, but not both.
Go to your muster stations... it's Bryan Ferry.
Let me tell you something about the Titanic: people forget that on the Titanic’s maiden voyage, there were over 1000 miles of uneventful, very pleasurable cruising before it hit the iceberg.
Go to London, and I guarantee you’ll either be mugged or not appreciated.
No, I don’t smoke. I’m one of the anti-cancer set. We’re a dying breed. Well, we’re not, you are. I don’t mean you’ve got cancer. Maybe you have.
Got my fungal foot powder? Ah, it’s a lifesaver, you know. I’d effectively be disabled if it weren’t for these.
There’s never any graffiti in the hotel. Although in the gents a couple of weeks ago, I did see someone had drawn a lady’s part. Quite detailed. The guy had talent.
Would it be terribly rude to do listening to you and go speak to someone else?
Lynn, I’ve pierced my foot on a spiiiike!
Smell my cheese, you mother!
Sunday Bloody Sunday. What a great song. It really encapsulates the frustration of a Sunday, doesn’t it?
It’s hotter than the sun!
They’ve rebadged it, you fool!
I ate a scotch egg in a minicab on the way here. I’m bursting with meat.
Lynn, some of these people have come from Stoke.
Stop getting Bond wrong!
This is Radio Norwich, and I’m Alan Partridge. What’s your favourite Beatles album? ‘Tough one’, I hear you say. Best of The Beatles?
Do you want me to lap you?
That was classic intercourse.
Jurassic Park!
Cashback!
Dan! Dan! DAN! DAN! DAAAAAN!
I’m afraid I can’t come to the door right now as I’m trapped under a boulder.
You’re just making noises. That’s not an apology.
Monkey tennis?
Smashy and Nicey, more like Smashy and F*** Offy!
Lynn, I’m not driving a Mini Metro. I’d rather drive a Lexus with tinted windows and be a drug dealer.
I’ve got cheese! This is cheese!
You’re not a man. You’re a balloon with a face drawn on it.
I never thought I’d say this, but I actually miss the smell of Lynx Africa.
No way, you big spastic, you’re a mentalist!
That was textbook cowardice.
Do you like owls?
The temperature inside this apple turnover is over 1000 degrees. If I squeeze it, a jet of molten Bramley apple is going to squirt up my nostril and scald my brain.
That was a foot on the ball moment.
Lynn, I’ve bought a house. It’s a static home in a layby.
The best thing about Norwich is that it’s not Ipswich.
The temperature inside this pineapple fritter is the surface of the sun.
Oh, what a terrible place to have a car crash – right outside the Pear Tree Productions office.
I’ve seen a dead body. Well, I say dead body, it was a plastic bag with a ferret in it.
Sometimes I like to ride the train just to feel alive.
Lynn, can you record Countryfile? I think John Craven’s doing a walk-and-talk.
What’s that? Oh, just a poster of the cast of ‘Ballykissangel’ and a bag of scampi fries.
A cup of beans? You animal.
I tell you what, you can take the boy out of Ireland, but put him in a Ferrari and he’ll still do 190.
Well, you’re not going to shag her, Lynn!
I’d rather be a leper than a ginger.
Have you ever buried a dead man in a shallow grave?
I do like that, though. I like how you’ve got all your CDs in alphabetical order.
Lynn, I’ve had an idea for a new book: Bouncing Back 2: This Time I’m Vertical.
These crisps are stale. That’s the worst thing that’s ever happened to me.
There’s only one way to get over a breakup. Keep reminding yourself of what an utter cow she was.
A waterbed? That’s a sack of fluid, mate. You might as well sleep on an unsealed Capri-Sun.
I once punched a Swede for winding down a car window in my face.
Sometimes you just need to walk into a room and shout “Alan!”
I put my foot down in a car park and hit 40.
I can’t make a cup of tea, Lynn. I’m too angry.
I refuse to go on holiday until I can afford to do it in style.
Ah, the Mini Metro. That’s not a car, it’s a pram with a roof.
I don’t want to be part of your stupid club. I’d rather join a cult.
I invented a new dance move called the Partridge shuffle.
A man with a beard said I looked like a cross between a detective and a schoolteacher.
When you see a fox in the day, that means it’s got rabies.
I’m in a Travel Tavern and I’m bored out of my mind.
I once saw a man break his arm trying to reach for a sandwich.
I don’t mind telling you, I once had a deep conversation with a vending machine.
I’m going to drink four cans of Tango and see what happens.
I prefer watching seagulls to watching television.
There’s nothing worse than warm toilet seats.
I once fell asleep during a James Bond film and woke up convinced I was a spy.
That was the worst party I’ve ever been to. There wasn’t even any Twiglets.
