You’re not a man. You’re a balloon with a face drawn on it.  
I never thought I’d say this, but I actually miss the smell of Lynx Africa.  
No way, you big spastic, you’re a mentalist!  
That was textbook cowardice.  
Do you like owls?  
The temperature inside this apple turnover is over 1000 degrees. If I squeeze it, a jet of molten Bramley apple is going to squirt up my nostril and scald my brain.  
That was a foot on the ball moment.  
Lynn, I’ve bought a house. It’s a static home in a layby.  
The best thing about Norwich is that it’s not Ipswich.  
The temperature inside this pineapple fritter is the surface of the sun.  
Oh, what a terrible place to have a car crash – right outside the Pear Tree Productions office.  
I’ve seen a dead body. Well, I say dead body, it was a plastic bag with a ferret in it.  
Sometimes I like to ride the train just to feel alive.  
Lynn, can you record Countryfile? I think John Craven’s doing a walk-and-talk.  
What’s that? Oh, just a poster of the cast of ‘Ballykissangel’ and a bag of scampi fries.  
A cup of beans? You animal.  
I tell you what, you can take the boy out of Ireland, but put him in a Ferrari and he’ll still do 190.  
Well, you’re not going to shag her, Lynn!  
I’d rather be a leper than a ginger.  
Have you ever buried a dead man in a shallow grave?  
I do like that, though. I like how you’ve got all your CDs in alphabetical order.  
Lynn, I’ve had an idea for a new book: Bouncing Back 2: This Time I’m Vertical.  
These crisps are stale. That’s the worst thing that’s ever happened to me.  
There’s only one way to get over a breakup. Keep reminding yourself of what an utter cow she was.  
A waterbed? That’s a sack of fluid, mate. You might as well sleep on an unsealed Capri-Sun.  
I once punched a Swede for winding down a car window in my face.  
Sometimes you just need to walk into a room and shout “Alan!”  
I put my foot down in a car park and hit 40.  
I can’t make a cup of tea, Lynn. I’m too angry.  
I refuse to go on holiday until I can afford to do it in style.  
Ah, the Mini Metro. That’s not a car, it’s a pram with a roof.  
I don’t want to be part of your stupid club. I’d rather join a cult.  
I invented a new dance move called the Partridge shuffle.  
A man with a beard said I looked like a cross between a detective and a schoolteacher.  
When you see a fox in the day, that means it’s got rabies.  
I’m in a Travel Tavern and I’m bored out of my mind.  
I once saw a man break his arm trying to reach for a sandwich.  
I don’t mind telling you, I once had a deep conversation with a vending machine.  
I’m going to drink four cans of Tango and see what happens.  
I prefer watching seagulls to watching television.  
There’s nothing worse than warm toilet seats.  
I once fell asleep during a James Bond film and woke up convinced I was a spy.  
That was the worst party I’ve ever been to. There wasn’t even any Twiglets.  
I’m not racist, but I do have strong views on the French.  
I once gave a dog a lift and it bit me. Never again.  
I’ve never eaten an egg without a spoon.  
Lynn, these trousers are the colour of a weak tea.  
I tried to high-five a policeman once. He didn’t go for it.  
There’s something deeply unsettling about a man who doesn’t drink tea.  
You can tell a lot about a man by how he eats his crisps.  
I like my crisps like I like my friends: dry and dependable.  
Lynn, I’ve had a brainwave – an all-male version of ‘Sex and the City’.  
I once mistook a man for a horse.  
I refuse to eat sushi because I don’t trust food that isn’t cooked.  
I’m not saying I’m paranoid, but I do have a mirror at the end of my garden just to keep an eye on things.  
I once spent an afternoon alphabetising my socks.  
I refuse to use a self-checkout machine on principle.  
I once got trapped in a revolving door for twenty minutes.  
I don’t trust men who wear loafers without socks.  
I once wrote a strongly worded letter to the BBC about the weather forecast.  
Lynn, I’m thinking about taking up fencing.  
If I ever become a millionaire, I’m going to buy a fleet of Segways.  
I once fell out of a canoe and blamed the paddle.  
The worst thing about being on a diet is no Scotch eggs.  
I don’t trust people who drink flat cola.  
I’ve never met a man who could make a decent cup of tea.  
I refuse to go to a barbecue unless there’s coleslaw.  
Lynn, I’ve started collecting unusual biscuits.  
I once spent an entire weekend learning the art of toast-making.  
I refuse to acknowledge any cheese that isn’t at least five years old.  
I once had an argument with a goose and lost.  
I don’t understand people who don’t own a Thermos flask.  
I once bought a caravan on impulse and regretted it instantly.  
Lynn, I’m considering writing a novel about a man who invents a new type of bread.  
I’ve never met a man who could correctly tie a bow tie.  
I once mistook an owl for a cat.  
I refuse to wear shorts because I don’t trust my own knees.  
Lynn, if I ever win the lottery, I’m going to buy a castle and fill it with deck chairs.  
I once saw a man eat an entire cucumber in one go and I’ve never recovered.  
I don’t believe in ghosts, but I do believe in slightly haunted chairs. 
